docs: update manifest history description (#1621)
edgelesssys/contrast: docs/docs/architecture/components/coordinator.md

It's automatically generated from your deployment by the Contrast CLI.
It currently consists of the following parts:

<!-- TODO(burgerdev): explain manifest on separate page. -->

- _Policies_: The identities of your Pods, represented by the hashes of their respective runtime policies.
- _Reference Values_: The remote attestation reference values for the Kata confidential micro-VM that's the runtime environment of your Pods.
- _WorkloadOwnerKeyDigest_: The workload owner's public key digest. Used for authenticating subsequent manifest updates.
- _SeedshareOwnerKeys_: public keys of seed share owners. Used to authenticate user recovery and permission to handle the secret seed.

## Manifest history

> The Coordinator uses Kubernetes `ConfigMap`s to store the manifest history and associated runtime policies.

Reviewer: Is this the right place to document the history is in a namespace and will be deleted with that namespace?

Author: Yes, let me add that.

> The manifest isn't considered sensitive information, because it needs to be passed to the untrusted infrastructure in order to start workloads.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Manifest and policies aren't considered sensitive information, because it needs to be passed to the untrusted infrastructure in order to start workloads.
```

However, the Coordinator must ensure its integrity and that the persisted data corresponds to the manifests set by authorized users.
This is accomplished with two types of integrity checks.

> The manifest that's currently considered active is called the _latest manifest_, stored in a `ConfigMap` with a fixed name and signed with a key derived from the [secret seed](../secrets.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The manifest that's currently enforced by the Coordinator is called the _latest manifest_, stored in a `ConfigMap` with a fixed name and signed with a key derived from the [secret seed](../secrets.md).
```

> The signed object contains references to the manifest content and the prior latest manifest.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The signed object contains references to the manifest content and the previous manifest.
```
Less exact, but also less confusing?
